hello this video is gonna be another one
of my top five series so I did hide
lipsticks learn lipsticks and this one
is gonna be blushes and all the blushes
I'm gonna talk about today
bring it in terms of like pigmentation
and formula and colors and all that kind
of stuff but the one I'm going to start
with is the one I'm wearing on my cheeks
today and it is definitely the most
luxurious blush I own and this is the
Tom Ford cheek color and love lust and
love this color because it's unlike
anything I own in my collection the
formula of these are really really
creamy and like buttery soft you
literally need the tiniest amount on
your brush sweep it over the cheeks and
you're good to go
this is a really beautiful peachy pink
and I quite like it because it's really
highlighting and illuminating because it
has a bit of really finely milled golden
shimmer running through it nothing to it
in your face
something really really subtle which is
what I love about this because it
instantly perks up the cheeks but in a
really subtle illuminating way the next
ones I could have really go this video
without mentioning because I do own
quite a few of them and these are Mac
blushes and believe it or not this isn't
the only ones I add I have a couple
downstairs I don't love that much but
these are my absolute favorite so I'm
gonna take you through these ones so I
have my two Pink's here and this is a
well-dressed and this one is pink swoon
and they're both quite blue and
undertone so I really like how they look
on the skin but well dressed is my go-to
blush when I've had a bit of a late
night or my skin is looking a bit sallow
and dull this one instantly perks up my
cheeks and this one was another recent
purchase because I wanted a kind of
matte blush that did the same thing as
well dress but without the bit of a kind
of shimmer running through it this one
looks like a bit of a Barbie pink in the
pot but on the cheeks it actually
applies a much darker and it is so so
gorgeous but you do want to stay clear
of like a heavy eye makeup and this
blush because it might look a bit too
much speaking of heavy eye makeup this
one is the one I like to pair with a
smoky eye and this one is Mac candling
it is what I wore on my birthday so if
you haven't seen that video and fancy
seeing what this looks like on I will
link it below it's one of those blushes
that won't take away from the smoky eye
but it will just add that little bit of
something on the cheeks that you need to
bring the whole look together without
looking like you're wearing tons of
makeup the next one is similar to the
Tom Ford blush I talked about and this
is Mac style it's really really peachy
as opposed to the Tom Ford which is more
of a kind of peachy pink but it does
have the same kind of golden shimmer
running through it it's super finely
milled so it's hardly noticeable but it
does have that illuminating effect on
the cheeks I love the way the peach
blushes make you look that extra bit
more tan without actually adding a
bronzer as well so that is a really nice
thing that this blush does just gives
you a little bronze you glow without
actually adding any bronze the next one
is actually a favorite that's also purse
friendly and it actually I don't think
you can get hold of this very easily in
the UK but I didn't think of a favourite
from that boots or super drug that I
absolutely adored I do love the Max
Factor miracle touch creamy blush but I
couldn't think of one that was like my
top 5 so if you have a top 5 blush
favorite from boots or Superdrug or
anything like that let me know but this
one is the Milani baked blush in
Luminoso I love this blush because it's
so finely milled but it just blends so
seamlessly into the scale I literally
pop a tiny bit on my brush dab it on my
cheeks and I don't even need to look in
a mirror I know that it just looks good
because it's just one of those blushes
that's just so easy and perfect and
everywhere I absolutely love this it is
a really nice peach it kind of reminds
me of a turned down version of Mac style
with a nice golden shimmer running
through it which I'm guessing by the
point of this video that you know I like
just because I like my blushes to be a
bit illuminating as well I didn't
include that many cream blushes in this
video but I wanted to include these too
because they haven't risen to the top of
my favorites but normally I kind of
steer a bit away from cream blush I find
them quite intimidating and they don't
last as long as powders on my skin but
these are the new Chanel cream blushes
and I have two shades here and I
couldn't choose between them because I
love them both and I have one which is
called relevation and one which is
called inspiration inspirations a bit
more of a dusty pink but on the cheeks
it applies much brighter than it looks
in the pan and revelation is really
beautiful peachy coral as far as cream
blush goes I have
these the easiest to apply I dab a bit
of my Real Techniques buffing brush into
the products onto the cheeks it has a
bit of a powdery finish when it comes
into contact with the skin then it sets
and you're pretty much good to go all
day
I also Dow a bit of these on my lips as
well and you have a little matching lip
and cheek thing going on my next
favorite is a funny one because it's not
a powder and it's not a cream it's
actually a water color and this is the
Daniel Sandler water color blush in
cherub these blushes have a seriously
unique formula they're literally as the
name would suggest a like water but they
just look so natural on the skin they
look like you're actually kind of
blushing from within as opposed to like
there's a cream or a powder on top of
your skin I'll be honest with you on
this one the first time I tried this I
was a bit intimidated by the formula it
was a bit scary and it was nothing like
I've ever tried but Daniel was super
super lovely and took me through how to
apply it and he basically what he does
is pops two drops onto the brush sweeps
the brush over the cheek and the brush
kind of does it all for you just blend
it in really beautifully and if you
fancy kind of amping the color up a bit
pop a drop onto your finger and Pat it
in as opposed to rubbing and then you'll
kind of build up the color these are one
of the most long-lasting butters I own
and I can literally go out for a whole
day come back and usually a powder or
cream blush will have faded quite
significantly but these don't at all
they really stay in the cheeks and I
can't fault them absolutely love them
and I definitely recommend actually
getting it with this brush because I
can't really see myself applying it
another way unless you're super good
with your fingers which I am not in
terms of applying blush I do have my
favorite blusher brushes here to show
you that was a different tongue twister
and this is the rmk cheek brush and it
is so amazingly soft that I can hardly
concentrate on anything else I put this
against my face and I also have the Real
Techniques duo fiber contour brush which
I adore because it picks up the right
amount of product and it has the right
kind of density that just blends itself
in and you don't need to blend it all
that well yourself it just does all the
hard work for you basically so there's
my top 5 blushes I hope you've enjoyed
this video let me know if you have a
that you think I would like based on all
my pinky peaches with gold shimmers
running through them for anything but
thank you so much for watching and let
me know what you can see seeing next in
my top 5 series and I was easy